When we say web we don't mean websites only, 
    [Web mean any technology that's dependened on the cleint-server requests by exchanging data between them].
    data can be:
        html file if the cleint was a Website(webpage, website, webApplication), 
        JSON File if the cleint was a (mobile app - smart machine-use IOT- etc...). 


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------        
How Websites Work
    Let's start with the most obvious way,
    You visit a website using the internet
    The moment you enter this address in your browser and you hit ENTER, a lot of things happen:
    
    1- The URL gets resolved:
        DNS servers translate domain to IP addresse, and then redirect u to the target server.
    
    2- A Request is sent to the server of the website:
        After resolving the IP address,
        The browser goes ahead and makes a request to the server with that IP address.

        Request bundles up a bunch of information
            (what is the current url? - Which kind of request should be made? - Should metadata be attached? -...)
            (also request may contain some data that must be sent to server(like some inputs from a form)),
        and sends that data package to the IP address.

    3- The response of the server is parsed:

        At the end, a response has to be sent.
        That response can contain the  website page or can contain any data including files or images.

        The browser checks the data and metadata that's enclosed in the response.
            And based on that, it decides what to do, 
            for example the response would contain a specific piece of metadata,
            that tells the browser that the response data is of type text/html.

    4- The page is rendered and displayed
        the browser goes through the HTML data returned by the server and builds a website based on that.

        The browser knows how to parse HTML and now simply goes through the entire response data
        (also called "the response body") to render the website.