Data Center stored data in a solid-state device[SSD], This acts as the internal memory of a server.

Data can't be transmitted using satallites, because they are too distance to receive and send data to all cleints, 
    the large distance will cause a significant delay, it causes huge latency,
    and that's not acceptable in most applications, also it's a bad experience for the users.

The Transmission is done with the help of complicated network of optical fiber cables, 
    which connect between the data center and your device.

    Your phone could be connected to the internet via cellular data or any Wi-Fi router,
    but they are connected with the fiber optics cables,
    so ultimately at some point your phone will be connected to this network of optical fiber cables.

Your internet service provider(ISP) will decide the IP address of your network
    and you are able to see what IP address your ISP has given to your network.
    
The server in the data center also has an IP address,
    but we deal with it using it's domain name because of we can't remember all Ip addresses for all websites.
    
You enter the domain name, the browser sends a request to the DNS server to get the corresponding IP address.
    After getting the IP address, your browser simply forwards the request to the server,
    Once the server gets a request to access a particular website the data flow starts,
    and then server will response to you using your IP address.

One amazing thing about the internet is its efficiency in transmitting data when compared with
    cellular and landline communication technologies(خطوط التليفون مثلا).

Any date is send to u is sent in the form of a huge collection of zeros and ones.

What makes the data transfer in the internet efficient
    is the way in which these zeros and ones are chopped up into small chunks known as [packets] and transmitted.

    Let's assume these streams of zeros and ones are divided into different packets by the server where each packet consists of six bits.

    Along with the bits of the video each packet also consists of the sequence number and the IP addresses of the server and your phone.
    [packet contain the bits of data + Ip address for the source + Ip adderss for the destination + sequence number + other bits]

    With this information the packets are routed towards your phone.

    It's not necessary that all packets are routed through the same path,
    Each packet independently takes the best route available at that time.

    Upon reaching your phone the packets are reassembled according to their [sequence number].

    If any packets fail to reach your phone,
    an acknowledgement is sent from your phone to resend the lost packets.


This process will be done in the ideal infrastructure,
    but the customers do not follow the basic rules regarding the destination addresses.

    In this scenario letters won't be able to reach the correct destination.

    Similarly in the internet we use something called protocols for the management of this complex flow of data packets.

    The protocols set the rules for data packet conversion,
    (attachment of the source and destination addresses to each packet and the rules for routers etc)
    for different applications the protocols used are different.